Christina 07 am individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. Let's just do a sound check. I'm turning my volume up. Can you hear me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Super. And I can hear you and see you got your coffee. That's your little mug you don't have a big one today.
Christina Haro: No, not the big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Well, let me get in a little note here. Here, my first client this morning, so I don't have my my record open yet doesn't take long.
Gwenevere Abriel: So anything significant changes that maybe Need Updating
Christina Haro: No, no other than when Dr. Allen months and in my prescription. It was wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you let him a virtual clinic or bright heart health. Now,
Christina Haro: Yeah, I did. So hopefully they'll get back to me today said so hopefully
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll take a look and see if for any reason. If I see a little note somewhere for you. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just in case we want to do some bilateral stimulation. Do you happen to have to two containers are
Christina Haro: I've got to hear
Christina Haro: Fantastic. I was ready this morning because I thought maybe we're going to do a
Gwenevere Abriel: Smart thinking okay I'm get this open first
Gwenevere Abriel: Such a younger daughter with yeah
Christina Haro: Yeah, she came in early this way.
See
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already swung by virtual clinic I didn't check
Christina Haro: I'm guess I did. I did my survey or you this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or out you're on point, girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, we're going to check on medication for someone just look around this show. I don't see everything but sometimes I can see something February 21 13 films.
Gwenevere Abriel: 19 milligrams for seven days. Does that sound like what you're trying it looks like two and three, eight film. Does that look like what 19 milligram. Does that sound familiar because you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sounds like going to 19
Christina Haro: usually get 90 I usually get, um, oh gosh, I'm trying to think here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got seven days, seven days eight days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Four days prior to that. So it looks like seven days is a pretty typical timeframe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you should have enough quantity and looks like for 30 tablets.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you using any of that.
Christina Haro: No, he sent it in for the first time.
Christina Haro: Oh, I'm gonna use it because, as it is. I've always had a real low blood pressure.
Christina Haro: You have my stuff. I probably won't wake up and work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, yeah that's that's the warning is that of course it's a blood pressure medicine so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so you're coordinating with them. Yes. Okay. All right. All right. All right, now
Let's go and
See where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did I give you any things to kind of focus on. So we reviewed it may be the box breathing, talk to you, grounding in the five senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, now that one a lot of people forget that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know part of what you want to do is sort of catch that initial response.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you start to get angry, um, since the last time we met you have any new observations around that.
Christina Haro: Um, well, I've thought about it and I thought about, you know, what object that like to focus on, but I really didn't get into it much. I'm kind of busy. And that's a good day. I haven't really had much time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so. So not much time. And I think you heard, although I didn't say, Did you practice grounding. The five senses. But let me try a different question.
Christina Haro: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so quite a right when you assess yourself. I'm on that sort of hair trigger anger. Right. Yes. How was this week for you.
Christina Haro: This week was really, really mellow. So I need to
Christina Haro: You know, I did practice my breathing, though a little bit, other than the focusing on an object. I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: So focusing on an object that's just the
Christina Haro: Ground south. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's a visual right you do as many as you can see as many things as you can hear, you want to hit all the senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything you can take something and smell and everything. Like if you put your hands on to something. So grounding. The five senses. We don't just want the visual
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but the bottom line is, so you didn't notice any significant anger expression. And was there any test. So in other words, if you didn't have a significant event like son staying out late, maybe you weren't tested either
Christina Haro: Know it's pretty mellow last couple of days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So you haven't had a chance to actually apply them to catch
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok ok ok so those will be useful. There'll be really informing on whether they're starting to be a space between the stimulus which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. Something might happen here or you're impatient or whatever the trigger is and your ability to perceive I have choice. Most people, there's no gap. It's anger and they feel like there's no choice. We want to get. So there is some time and space between stimulus. And your response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I'll get there. Okay, so let me just take a little look at some content, um, let me see how far we got in in the anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked him to hear me. I'm going outside ask mom. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are able to go out with your friends.
Yeah okay so that one pretty much got it completed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So another reminder to use a resource is that anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when you are in distress. Let's say you have a really big decision to make. You can actually bring yourself back into that space visually sort of in your imagination and you can picture the couch and everybody being able to talk and you know if
Gwenevere Abriel: If the sense the quality of your dad being there is, is what's needed done. That's what you do you picture everything that you need in that room. And don't forget
Gwenevere Abriel: You actually do have access to magic. You can pull out a magic one. Okay, what do I need
Gwenevere Abriel: I need courage. I need self acceptance. I need so puff
Gwenevere Abriel: And then see what you bring in, because that's, that's really the recipe in here. Anyways, what do you bring into that room. That's something I really want to know. So I can reinforce it and incorporate into the work we're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I brought in my cat. Oh, I brought in. I forgot my best friend from thudded I brought that quality. And that makes sense. And then you start to think, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: How am I at what emotion. Am I feeling I'm angry. Well, okay, usually there's an emotion underneath that, let's see what that anger is doing to protect you. So what's the underbelly feeling. Oh, okay. It's probably fear typically underneath everything even sad is going to be fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can pretty much pick away at nm experience and pick, pick, pick, pick away at it dissect it and probably
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to end up being afraid of either a perception. Someone perceiving you one way or the loss of something separation from something a judgment of the self can't tolerate it shames activated or shame is like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm afraid I can't stand my vulnerability. So typically we can wind it down and find that fear. So if you go looking and feel comfortable enough and. NET and groom look for what you might be afraid of losing or afraid might happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then sort of pay attention to your body. See what's getting tight maybe shoulders chest got hands, feet, something jaw and then go, Okay, what do I really need not. How do I escaped this discomfort. But what do I really need
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to remember I'm okay. I remember I have enough of the resources to solve this problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you stay in fear your brain won't work. Right. You won't come up with an elegant solution. So the key is to go there and figure out what the underlying need, is it you're trying to satisfy something and self medicate some something that's going on. It's probably fear but
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so those are the basics. I know I reviewed it very quickly. But that's what that is. That is really available to a lot of people once they fall in love with that realm, they go there, a lot they visit. Then they bring all their quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Figures in there with them protective nurturing wise they bring them in the room with them and then they've got the container when they want to use it and then outside the room is adjusting metaphor, you can put them all together, if you want to. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so why don't we do a little bit of work.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do some of the bilateral stimulation. Let me just review a little bit of some of the things that you said to me, and maybe you'll say, Oh yeah, that's still that's still an issue for me or boy. Yeah, he and maybe you'll notice something in the body today that might signal some distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so one of the things that you had noted earlier, was I get upset about Kareena
Gwenevere Abriel: She does not do drugs. I tried to do things different from how my mom was I never
Gwenevere Abriel: singled out or favored one child over another. She has it in her mind that I was a horrible mom, she would say used to beat me. You are about mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: She moved out at age 19 she doesn't like authority and does not like a advice given
Gwenevere Abriel: I had her arrested twice for hitting and you notice as you were talking about it last time, and you may want to check in with your body. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole body started to shake, and this was that 100 last time. Okay, the heart was pounding the face was red hot. And the thought was, there's nothing I can do. That's the negative cognition and
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to be back then. Years ago, right. I'm a bad mom that's moved and changed now it's more closer to there's nothing I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I should be able to help her make her understand what she is going through is not, it's not other people. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the positive thought that you wanted was I wish I could pick up the phone and call and say I love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't seen the new baby or the 10 year old now, since then, and you move to this positive cognition and I am a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or at least it's one that you had wanted. Now you have since talked with her you're wondering, I remember if if this is just another phase of trying to manipulate in some way, but you're grateful for the contact it. Tell me more about how that's doing right now.
Christina Haro: Um, she's actually she hasn't called me, but I guess she called my other daughter, my daughter and she said this, she couldn't remember my number. If I didn't have my number. She wanted to talk to me.
Christina Haro: I guess my daughter gave it to her mother daughter gave it to her. I haven't heard from her. I did see pictures of the new baby, though.
Christina Haro: I haven't talked to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does it make you feel to think
Gwenevere Abriel: That you haven't met this this granddaughter, sort of, what kind of emotional experiences that bring up for you.
Christina Haro: I get sad because this baby looks just like my daughter. I mean, like the exact copy of her
Christina Haro: Was born. Yeah. So yeah, it's sad. It's sad. I'm I get really sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that but aside from right now. It hasn't been coming up a great deal.
Christina Haro: No. No. No, it hasn't. You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And how has that that belief about yourself. What's the current sort of belief about who you are and the meaning of you as a mom these days.
Christina Haro: I'm
Christina Haro: Feeling a little better by myself I you know I do believe that I can work on myself and make myself feel better. I do believe that
Christina Haro: Yeah, it wasn't the perfect mom. But you know, I know. I wasn't horrible mommy there.
Christina Haro: But I believe that I can you know I can get through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me a little bit about how you assess the not perfect. Sometimes, what's happening is if we don't sit with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That remember we've talked a lot about shame and it does take trust. Hopefully you've been able to see that people can talk about things and I'm not going to not going to add to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's good for some people to have a witness. Other people just to hold it in their mind. You did that before you just held it in your mind and you weren't ready to talk about it and that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so maybe if that's all you can get to today, we could hold that in your head, sort of in your imagination. Your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: But see how much you're comfortable talking about. I wasn't perfect. So what constitutes I wasn't perfect
Christina Haro: To me.
Christina Haro: I wasn't perfect because I know I made a lot of mistakes, you know, to me, I know the men I chose cause you know a lot of the
Christina Haro: Bad stuff happened you know in my life and they know I make mistakes. I know that the tunes that I went through because me being a probably
Christina Haro: Some kinds of bad mom, even though they didn't see that because my kids can tell you they never saw me do anything.
Christina Haro: Um, but I'm actually i know i you know I'm not a perfect mom because I did like how to tell you I never, I never disciplined them. I can discipline as much as I should have. So I feel like let everything go through and I never gave them the guidance that they should have. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's probably the biggest one maybe exposing them to maybe negative male figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, which may have contributed to addiction. So they had a mother who is inactive addiction and then there's the parenting piece I could have done more discipline and more guidance does that kind of capture the big categories.
Christina Haro: Yeah. And then we didn't want to go through that. This is important because I didn't want to become my mom, you know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it just because we don't want to do something doesn't mean you automatically know how to do the healthy version, you didn't have it sounds like any modeling of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did anyone ever discipline you did your dad ever remove privileges or make you write sentences or timeout or take can't, you can't go out this weekend or grounded any of that.
Christina Haro: Oh, yeah, yeah. My dad was a good father, but he never was abusive, you know, to that point. Yeah, he did.
Christina Haro: He did us and discipline does. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So besides grounding what a discipline look like
Christina Haro: A discipline was go to your woman take them now or you're not playing anymore. Get inside or go go pieces because we were basically brought up on a farm. So it makes me go, or any of us, you know, like go feed animals do that.
Christina Haro: Stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you remember if it helped shape.
Gwenevere Abriel: The behavior. He was trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get rid of. So if you were hitting someone yelling at someone breaking a rule. Did that discipline help change your behavior. The way he wanted it to.
Christina Haro: Yeah, it did. It did. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you had a choice, although you may not have known it that you could have disciplined your children using your dad's modeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know any idea how you didn't you decided not to go that direction, you know,
Christina Haro: I have no idea.
Christina Haro: All I ever
Christina Haro: Thought you know was, you know, I guess I looked at it like our moms really supposed to be like that, you know, it's just the way it's supposed to be, you know, I it to me was confusing. I was confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you mean something like I was confused. Our moms supposed to be like dad's behavior or definitely not moms and so you were confused. How do I, how do I be a mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my goodness. Yeah, that would be confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so isn't that you took on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I can't tell. I haven't heard any stories around it. Oh, they're they're poor thing you are there to comfort when something bad happened or were you just sort of lecturing yelling when it went bad which kind of did you do
Christina Haro: Yeah, I didn't watch the bathing thing I like, oh, you know, it's okay. You know, you, you know, it's okay. I just let everything go
Christina Haro: There was times though my kids told me that
Christina Haro: That I was a little scary. And I guess I lose my temper once in a while.
Christina Haro: But
Christina Haro: Other than that, I don't know. I wasn't like what Kareena says
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's no chance that some of that happened while maybe you were intoxicated.
Christina Haro: Know,
Christina Haro: Because all my drinking was when I was out
Christina Haro: As if I if I came home drunk. My kids are usually asleep with the sitter. So they never stopped me don't
Christina Haro: Ever. And I didn't do no drinking at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we, you know, when you're not actively drinking. The next day, it doesn't mean that there isn't, irritability, when we don't you know what I'm trying to say if you actually had developed alcohol tolerance and dependence. At one point in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really hard to be patient.
Christina Haro: Yeah, you're right, it could have, you know, it could have been. It could have been, you know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't remember that's that's what we're talking about right now there's no there's no memory. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and so talking about it now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get some sort of pay attention to your body and tell me what what you're noticing.
Christina Haro: It kind of makes my
Christina Haro: I kind of put a little bit of fluttering in the chest, you know, my heart beating. I think about
Christina Haro: The past and how I wish I could go back and change it.
Christina Haro: It's like a, like an anxious feeling
Christina Haro: Like, I don't want to think about it, you know, that kind of anxiety to where I don't want to think about it. I kind of want to just
Christina Haro: Yeah, I do think about it, I wish to go back and change stuff, which I know I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are you thinking about yourself right now.
Christina Haro: I'm
Christina Haro: I'm thinking now that I'm getting older, I know I'm a better person. I'm a better. I'm a better mom but then I think I'm a bit too little too late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm, I'm a better mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that part is the positive but at the. Tell me about what when you have that thought it might be too late that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the negative thought you have about yourself there. The I got that. Good one. Here the positive one. What's that negative one, it might be too late. What do you believe about yourself there.
Christina Haro: Um, I just believe that I'm
Christina Haro: That the mom, I wish I could have been
Christina Haro: is never going to happen. That's a skill. I just feel like, okay, make it so wrong. You know what can they do now is I mean I can't go back to teach anything. I just feel like I'm like, that's it. It's over. I mean, I am what I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's play a little bit with this and then maybe we'll go into some work around that, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: They will forever be your children. They are they happen to be chronologically older. Sometimes children that begin for example to start to use
Gwenevere Abriel: Marijuana oftentimes that's a drug that has been normalized in their environment and they start to use it. Kids can oftentimes emotionally be stuck at that age of 13 when they started smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotionally, they're still that age, you're still solving problems of a 15 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you had mentioned that Kareena could rename Katrina Karina Karina does not use any mood altering substances, you mentioned, that's still the case.
Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it doesn't necessarily mean that that's the only thing that can stunt that sort of emotional development. There can be other things. There can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of neglect, there can be an abuse situation there can be a lack of attunement that's actually a bigger one than most people realize when our caregiver make a parent, if that's what it was at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: If children, for example, are not seen like as in I have my own talents. Hey, look at me, look what I've done. I'm interested in this, can you listen. Let me show you. You know attuned
Gwenevere Abriel: Apparent that's really emotionally available kids can feel unseen and there can be real challenges. This is getting really psychological for a second when it goes into object relations.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's some real sort of unhealthy things that can happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So although you say there's no way to be that mom that right you don't get a second chance.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I believe that people change. That's why I'm in this field, right. That's why you're in a recovery program that recovery of the authentic self as possible, that being the best version of yourself is possible. I believe in that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you just take one piece with Kareena
Gwenevere Abriel: When she. What shall we call because I want to use your wording.
Gwenevere Abriel: When she is full of it and as manipulating you she's a phony she's pretending to be something and you register it as a con or manipulation. What are we going to call that behavior that she does.
Christina Haro: I call it the little spoiled brat.
Christina Haro: Because
Christina Haro: Yoshi. Okay. She has a really good relationship with her father. Okay, she's always been a daddy's
Christina Haro: But Dad was not a good dad. Dad was just when I left him and Kareena was four. And my son was three. Now listen to this one should
Gwenevere Abriel: I get the developmental part she was for right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And when you say bad. What was he just like an make a quick note of that. What she experienced what what do you mean by bound
Christina Haro: To remember she told me he used to take her to another girl's house and tell her. Oh, today you call her mommy. That's your mommy today.
Christina Haro: So yeah, that's how bad he was and he was a very bad. He was a drug addict. So really bad for that.
Christina Haro: And
Christina Haro: I didn't know this was going on until later on when Kareena was like five or six, he started telling me stories. After I left him. So then I realized what was going on.
Christina Haro: This was all going on behind. Well, I'll just tell you for a reason, right. But see, as I got older and she started developing a relationship with him and started, is it. And now, and she uses us against each other stuff.
Christina Haro: Like to talk him stories that aren't even true and then she'll come and tell me stuff about him that aren't even to us. He still he calls me and tell me in your 40,000 Kareena is a spoiled brat. He says, I don't know about her. He said, Can't handle her
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what if we, the part that you all agree on is inappropriate demands on Kareena as a very young little person. Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: All of this involved in being a drug dealer. I don't know what all went on in front of her eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Christina Haro: Yeah, and neither do I. Because there could have been a lot of things. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if we, what if we say this because remember this is your treatment here but but let's look at it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little girl at four gets to we start to actually remember right around four and certainly at five, but for we can start to
Gwenevere Abriel: Start to remember some stuff. But if there's a huge flood right of the adrenaline up the cortisol, it's going to mess with the memory if what she remembers was being abused by Imani
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it wasn't you, but it may have happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or neglect or or confusion or whatever she had to do. She couldn't blame this mommy. Maybe he had said she's perfect she's wonderful maybe you're the object of who she has enough trust and love that she can blame you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for whatever is so complicated, and she's not in here to talk to. But the point is your daughter has something
Gwenevere Abriel: Not taking care of something that she's like I'm hurt, whether it was you that the point is that she's hurt. There was something that happened along the way this need to blame you. There's no one else to blame for, you know, however, this composition family dynamics works out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say it's too late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: You, I think, have a willingness. I'm not sure. I'll check in on that and you have a daughter. That's wounded, whether it's your fault. Right. Who knows, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Grief as a parent, there's just do the best we can but whether she's blaming you. It sounds like she is okay, but when you say it's too late. I just wonder if you have an interest.
Gwenevere Abriel: To help, meaning you can listen without saying no, I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't. That's really different.
Gwenevere Abriel: In other words, you might be kind of like a therapist, in a sense, not telling not giving advice, but really listening and attuning to what she's talking about. It might be hard because our, you know, our pride gets at stake, like, this isn't me. I didn't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see what I'm trying to say. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can we can still be this healing space of unconditional acceptance. Some crummy things probably happened. I mean, if you're with a drug dealer.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you may have had a pretty significant amount of denial, going on to, to try and survive. I mean, you have to stick your head in the sand to not see things sometimes right to be with someone like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not conscious of it. That's what denial is it's conscious
Christina Haro: And then another thing is that he always beat me. And she always saw it.
Christina Haro: And that she remembered and she's told her father.
Christina Haro: And he actually admitted. A LOT OF THINGS FOR HER you admitted, a lot of things to her. He doesn't deny it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Christina the psychology of children is. I mean, it's going to be 24 years later 23 years later before her brain develops into a full adult, she was for
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, sometimes people
Gwenevere Abriel: When we witness something our own lives are in jeopardy, we can feel as if our own safety is in jeopardy. We're watching something happen and we interjected so. However, it has see there's Why don't know which it was what it was. It would take quite a lengthy
Gwenevere Abriel: Assessment to ascertain that. But the point is, she's hurting
Gwenevere Abriel: And you saying it's too late. But it's, it may not be because that little girl inside of her can still benefit from some healing. Yes. I wish she would get some professional help. But
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: That's oftentimes a really big important step is just being able to listen and not refute it not argue with it just contain it, that's a lot of what therapists do is they just listen. They don't advise it just sort of go, Whoo. That's hard. You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think your pride could handle that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Christina Haro: Well, you know, if I think get her to talk to me without screaming in my face. I could do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you.
Christina Haro: But never the tape to like if I could sit out I tied sitting down with her and then she starts to scream because she loses his temper right away and that she felt like
Christina Haro: She wants you to answer back and when you try to answer. She doesn't like your answer. So then she gets mad monster screening. And then if I stayed quiet and not answer to search for me, Martha, she tells me you're not even listening I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever said this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, sweetheart, that all just sounds so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not advice. It's not denial. That's meeting them with empathy. Oh, baby girl that's just, that's just sounds so hard to live with you see that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's this that's this cradling all and and yes a mom does that number and go back to this. I feel confused. Yes, we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And dads to and grandmas and we just go, oh, because again, back to object relations what the outside world. Does the little one absorbs into the self. So when the outside world says, oh, it's going to be okay, honey.
Gwenevere Abriel: We start to absorb that eventually and we can say to ourselves,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be okay, honey, I can absorb it. That's just the way psychology from little folks when they're tiny tots. That's just how it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: When our caregiver is not there or violent and when the world is hostile and scary that gets absorbed. She is probably completely psychically very chaotic and disorganized inside. And I'm sorry that happened to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you want to see the space where you can do something that is a and it's a big gift. I'm not gonna lie, it's a lot to give to someone, because we have to sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: The false accusation. But if it means that your daughter for a second gets to feel grounded gets to feel loved actually takes it in
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I saw you making some notes. Do you have any questions about that kind of phrasing.
Christina Haro: No, no, there's just some, you know,
Christina Haro: If you knew Kareena if she chooses
Gwenevere Abriel: I yeah I don't. So what you're saying is, it would be right away.
Christina Haro: Yeah, she's very manipulative yeah she you know she has a step mom now that is actually teacher okay because my son was over there and you know he really likes her too. So
Christina Haro: I'm step mom and and and Tina's father are not married, but the garden kids for Christmas. Right. And this has been around them for like 16 years. Okay.
Christina Haro: So I actually talked to her. She calls me once in a while to give me an update on things right. So tell me you know what the baby was born, she was at the hospital with her and she called me and everything.
Christina Haro: But she called me. She told me we got engaged. And I said, Oh, congratulations, you know, great, you know, well, um,
Christina Haro: She told me that that Kareena told her father. Why, why would even marry a woman like that that you know you should just leave her and me and me and you will get a place to live.
Christina Haro: She likes to he wants everything for her. And I think she's jealous because she feels like she's going to loose with that this is trying to manipulate them now and make them fight so they will get married.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all what I call content Christina its meaning if you meet someone there and you want to go into battle and you want to spar with someone about that, about whether she's doing what she's doing this right or wrong, you're going to end up being an argument with her. Yeah.
Christina Haro: So I just like yes she caught but Kareena told me the same thing on the phone.
Christina Haro: I you know I just listened to her. What can I say, you know,
Christina Haro: I know this to manipulate me and she tries. I just
Christina Haro: That just listen. I just want. There's nothing I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a couple of things you can do. And that's what we're talking about, because you're saying I can't do anything you can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can contain it emotionally and you're being quiet. I think because I'm on the phone with you. I don't know what I can just listen. I don't know what that actually is in real time. But yes, listening but also saying I imagine that would be really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: I imagine that would be really difficult.
And if there's ever anything you want from me, let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're putting the ball in her court. The other piece has to do with your boundary settings. Here's what I don't know when she yells, do you stay in the room, or do you walk out and sit there and try and get her to calm down. What do you do
Christina Haro: I've done both I've done both
Gwenevere Abriel: Ways away. What does she do
Christina Haro: She came after me. If you out there, me and that's if you got it by the hair and hit me because I wouldn't sit there and argue with her. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she's, she's. It sounds like she's really interjected what she witnessed as a little girl. She's taken that and she's recapitulated in her life. She's just reenacting it. I'm really sorry. Poof.
Christina Haro: She definitely need some professional
Christina Haro: So they would tell my mom I told my mom when she asked me about her, including are really close my mom with three, you know, we're really close, and she asked me.
Christina Haro: How come I never spanked Corinne. I said, Mom, I've never spanked her, you know, she says what she you need to spank her. She says, because you know she's really a manipulative little girl, you know, and this is talking about communion when she was six or seven eight.
Christina Haro: And I'm
Christina Haro: As Kareena got older. My mom told me what you're gonna have a problem with her. She says to tell me all the time and I look back at it and I see you know the way she was. And I'm like,
Christina Haro: I always thought maybe something happened, maybe something happened when I was in the rounds. I was busy working. Once you spend time with that that was busy taking her other places, which I didn't know if he was taking
Christina Haro: Credit telling me, and I always thought about that, you know, something happened there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be
Gwenevere Abriel: But the bottom line is you can register something's maladaptive and unhealthy because she's damaging relationships. She's getting in her own way how. However, the origin of it. We may never know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but the part where you listen and contain that could be a place where you can feel I am doing something instead of, I can't do anything if you aren't listening. That's not a small thing actually
Christina Haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's actually an important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And saying, I want to hear everything. But when you yell. I have to get off the phone and I have to leave the room and no
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to distance myself that's reasonable. But I want to hear your stories and your hurt. I want to hear about it and show you why care, but the yelling
Gwenevere Abriel: And and the name calling is really all that's all like here, and then I can't hear the content anymore only hear how you're saying it said, I can't hear what you're saying. So I love you and I want to hear what you're you're going through
Gwenevere Abriel: Later, you guys are just getting back talking to each other again. But my point is there's ways for you to protect your emotional and physical boundaries which you deserve to protect at all times.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at the same time. Because isn't that also what was needed, because we do both.
Gwenevere Abriel: We say they're there. Everything's gonna be okay. Wow, that's so hard. That's all I don't don't don't snack me. There's no snacking with your hands down. Okay. And then you see it's both. It's not one or the other. It's both.
Gwenevere Abriel: We watch we're modeling also boundaries that didn't get interjected either. So there's a lot you can be doing because in a lot of ways. She may still be or she still sounds like a four year olds me. I'm sorry, but she sounds like she's problem solving problems just like a four year old.
Christina Haro: You know, exactly. That's how I see her. I see her as the eye when you talk to. It's like you're talking to a little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and even you spoil like a little spoiled brat. So see how your language, even captures that's that's kind of where she psychologically still stuck. So if you think of it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be kind of talking to her little girl inside, in a way, you see what I'm trying to say.
Christina Haro: Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how you doing right now.
Christina Haro: Good, good. It feels good to talk about things that don't have anybody to talk to you about stuff like that, you know, and it feels good, you know, to, to listen to somebody them to listen to somebody tell me
Christina Haro: What they would do and that's good because you know that's what I need. I don't need to hear somebody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well. Alright, um, we can continue to do that, then you you opened up sort of an invitation that sort of taps into, you know, the marriage and family therapy training.
Gwenevere Abriel: In my my formal training and and definitely you kind of a little bit of it. Also, with your son. Instead of showing anger, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Express it through. I feel scared, something bad will happen to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he has to say all mom, don't, don't worry. You say, Can you please be home by midnight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I can get some sleep.
Christina Haro: Yeah, you know, really good because the last time I told him exactly like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You used and I feel statement.
Christina Haro: Yes, I told him I told him I feel scared. I tell them when you leave and I talked, and then I feel scared. I said, when you don't call me. And then he said, I'm saying, Mom. I meant to call you on my phone was dead. He says, I'm sorry. I won't do that anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Antagonistic can't stick
Christina Haro: Yeah.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm always amazed when people actually use that I feel and an emotion word they'll come back, just as you did and know it'll have a positive outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's quick, it's like that argument may have escalated for half hour or however long and it was over quickly because you used, you got to the core emotion. Remember we human beings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our emotions are what motivated us
Gwenevere Abriel: You are motivated to speak your truth to your son because fear registered, whether it was over the top or not, I'll to little whatever every family is different.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are motivated by it. It has real value. We got to pay attention to that stuff sadness recently sadness with with Kareena. It's motivating something to
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's the stuff we're doing this morning. If that sadness wasn't there. Maybe you would never take another look.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't minimize the beautiful value of what emotions can be okay they remind us what's important to you, your relationships to your children, your grandchildren is important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sadness may come and you say what a, what's the lesson here what's what's coming up. I've been. I've been denying the fact that I care more about Kareena than I've been letting on
Gwenevere Abriel: What if that's it right paying attention to it, respectfully, and then going into it would go into the room and say, oh, I'm feeling sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I had my daughter there and I was disciplining her and I wish I knew. I wish I had someone that knew what to do as a parent as a mom, I wish I had someone there. I wish, maybe a therapist or a mentor or somebody that could have said, this is what you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now at this age. You're because they're adults, you don't have pull phone stay home right sentences.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have those pieces. But what you can do is still the boundary setting part
Gwenevere Abriel: And you still have some resources, maybe, maybe it'll be money. Maybe it will be staying at your place or it'll be something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you and I can continue to talk, but keep me abreast of the stories specific ones and then we, you and I can come up with ideas of
Gwenevere Abriel: Different ways that some people are doing it that have been successful, so that you don't have to get to the point of feeling confused frustrated angry okay because
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, like you said you were confused at the time. And there you know you're always going to be their parent that doesn't change out of the age. So, and you and with Kareena especially she's probably still like four
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I'm excited. I feel like we've got a little, a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Something here when it. Whoops, I think I just lost my mouse. I use a little throw
Gwenevere Abriel: Their great
Gwenevere Abriel: Carpal tunnel. They're so amazing. I'm so glad to hear that. Okay, we didn't get to do any MTR but that isn't really direction today took
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how often, let me just check in on on sort of the stinking thinking how much that's come into play over the last week. How many negative thoughts or
Gwenevere Abriel: Cravings have come in.
Christina Haro: I haven't really had it in the last week, to tell you the truth. You know, I've been busy looking for a job and stuff so I've been really occupied to where I bought and then, you know, having to be able to talk to Christina and then I talked to my granddaughter on the phone.
Christina Haro: Right in the good feelings and I was like, you know, sounds great.
Christina Haro: This last week was fake, to tell you the truth, I thought, okay, you know. Yeah.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Christina, pay attention to that. I felt great. I had connection to my daughter, my granddaughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Job. Notice that, and then when those cravings come in the negative thinking. Notice the context of your environment. I'm lonely. I have negative thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: What have I done. I've got that I maybe I was a bad mom thing I could have done this BETTER. DIFFERENT THAN cravings creep up the the context of our emotional life, our thoughts, our environment. They hugely impact.
Christina Haro: Idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will see an intensity of thoughts of using it's just because we're we're social beings we care about these connections.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not to be minimized are important or or when your son had got kept going out right. Oh, I don't want to be scared. Are you scared. Are you scared. Are you scared. What am I going to do I feel helpless. I could use
Gwenevere Abriel: So meeting those situations because they're going to happen again.
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning them in a different way, in a healthy way. Realizing quickly. Oh, I need to do some box breathing. I don't want to do what I used to do all get what I always thought, Okay, I got it. I gotta, I gotta do it differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because those old ways of thinking will pop in your head doesn't mean they're only things. But we've got to get in the way of them really quick, just noticed that as your circumstances became pleasant, there were fewer cravings. That's really a big takeaway today.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the job. I could have sworn there you're going to hear from someone on Sunday.
Christina Haro: Well, I did. I went for the interview and I really, really liked him. I like the lady. The only thing is that he did not explain to me.
Christina Haro: Where he lives is here close in town. But mom doesn't live in tell mom lives like over the mountain kind of ways. So I didn't take it. It's too far to be clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay too far. Okay. But you were hired and so you that confidence should be there. I'm hoping
Christina Haro: Yeah, good.
Christina Haro: Yeah, it's good to go out to an interview, you know,
Christina Haro: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What prospects are on the horizon as if sort of today. What are you thinking
Christina Haro: Well, I looked into some other types of work you know i mean i i worked in retail before so I'm looking into something else, but I'm just keeping everything you know all my options open. So that's all we be doing today. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what you'll be working on today.
All right.
I'm gonna check on something.
How many times have we met for individual
bps was 1231 3121 32 three
Okay, and then today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have an option.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can move to
Gwenevere Abriel: And this can change back, by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really at this point it's an it's a it's a bit in whether your circumstances starches sort of start to unravel. If it starts to get more chaotic.
Gwenevere Abriel: More intense maybe conflictual relationships might be happening or somebody you know get sick or something. We can change the appointment scheduled, but at this point I think I could see you every other week which you'd like to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or continue weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, and stick with weekly stick with weekly
Christina Haro: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. Just wanted to check in, like to offer that after people have met for a month. Then I'll just check in. Absolutely. We'll start with that. I like your thinking, especially since right there's still some things maybe way in the back that we're going to continue to explore
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I'm psyched about that. Let's take a look at schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, today's the 24th.
Gwenevere Abriel: How without, same, same thing. March 2 7am yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And I'm just curious. Are you having any nightmares.
Christina Haro: No, okay. No, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is good. Glad to hear that. Um, is there any medication attached today. Should I send a message to the doc, are you good through group.
Christina Haro: Well, I'm, I'm not good to boot. Because I'm actually gonna run out. Remember, he said he didn't send the right amount yet but I already called them. Um, I already sent him a message so
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to be really precise Christina from today, all the way to group do you need me to message him that you need medication or do you have a handle on it because I don't want to miss communicate. I want to be really helpful if I can
Christina Haro: Okay, if you can send him a message and tell him that I'm I will not have enough because it's he sent in the wrong amount
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm just all I'm going to do is I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: Net with Christina.
Gwenevere Abriel: For next appointment is group on Friday. Right. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm three two. I think Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just let me see if I can catch what you're saying. So didn't go into detail says you are kind of vague about it but that's okay. So let me see if I can do it. She is reporting recent history of
Gwenevere Abriel: Script order issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: And shoes. She will not have enough to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get her to Friday and he'll take it from there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, all right, my dear. I'll see you on Friday.
Christina Haro: Have a good one. You
Guys.